# Stardate Legacy

## What is this?

Elevator pitch: a semi-realistic solo RPG focused VTT mixed with realtime simulation elements.

If that doesn't make a whole lot of sense, think of how you would normally play a solo RPG. Then think of how that might work using something like
PUM Companion or Foundry. Then think about what if you could integrate data from realtime simulations into Oracle outcomes, and you start understanding
more how I intend this to work.

(In short, mine some minerals, roll to barter, impact the simulated market with the price you sold them for)

### Semi-realistic?

I am not an astrophysicist, economist, anthropologist, bio-engineer, geologist, whatever. I am a lowly computer programmer who likes playing Elite: Dangerous and
Solo TTRPGs (which are together the main inspiration for this project). So in the context of this project, "semi-realistic" is defined as something I believe to
be "good enough" that I could see it being feasible in the meta-setting of this world. If I have things wrong, I am absolutely open to pull requests to correct them,
especially if you have credentials in the field of whatever you are trying to correct.

### Meta-setting?

By it's nature, every setting in Stardate Legacy is unique. Every star system, piece of history, and important person is generated procedurally, which means
that there's no cohesive setting for each playthrough. However there is some "background lore", if you will, that explains roughly why everything is how it is.

- The Cold War never truly ended, and the space race accelerated instead of simmering down. (The USSR put the first man on Mars, the Americans put the first permanent colony on the moon)
- By 2050 almost all major bodies in the solar system had some sort of permanent or semi-permanent habitation (be it a planetary colony or an orbital station)
- Ṱ̷̛̛͝h̴̫͒e̷͕̓͒ ̵̧̯͇͐̀S̴̢̰̭̽͗̉i̶̼͊g̸̩͛n̸̯̆͗ä̸̩͎́̆͜l̵͚̑̏͘
- An unprecedent spur of cooperation between the two axes of power, international conglomerates, and NGOs results in innumerable sub-liminal generation ships being sent to almost any star deemed to potentially harbor a habitable world.

Each setting generated by Stardate Legacy occurs after the arrival of your or your ancestors generation ship to it's destination (or to some other system via some error).

### Roadmap

Stardate Legacy will be roughly composed of 4 components
- The System Generator
	- Generates a semi-realistic star system.
- The Society Generator
	- Generates a semi-realistic society which emerges after the arrival of the generation ship, simulated forward by however many years
- The Background Simulation
	- Realtime simulation of in-world systems, such as economies, faction power, faction expansion, so on.
- The Interaction Layer
	- Methods for the player to interact with all of the above.

The first commit of this repository marks Pre-Alpha 1. With each Pre-Alpha, my focus will be on implementing the subsequent of each of the above components.
With Pre-Alpha 1 complete, that means I believe the System Generator to be in a workable state (at least for a proof of concept). 
My next focus is the Society Generator and all that comes with it. More on what will happen in Alpha stage will be decided once I actually get there (assuming this project survives my interest for long enough).

In the meantime enjoy (and hopefully extend) a functioning (albeit convoluted) solar system generator.

(Yes I am well aware that it runs like shit)

## Credit

This project would not be possible without the following assets:
- Starry Sky by Breadpack https://godotshaders.com/shader/starry-sky/
- Draw3D by nyxkn https://github.com/nyxkn/godot-draw3d
- gdDelaunay by bartekd97 https://github.com/bartekd97/gdDelaunay
- trackball camera by Goutte https://github.com/Goutte/godot-trackball-camera
- Lucid Icons by Leo Red https://leo-red.itch.io/lucid-icon-pack
- Periodic Table of Elements.csv by GoodmanSciences https://gist.github.com/GoodmanSciences/c2dd862cd38f21b0ad36b8f96b4bf1ee

Nor without the following resources:
- Star Color Details by Mitchell Charity http://www.vendian.org/mncharity/dir3/starcolor/details.html
- Polygonal Map Generation for Games by Amit Patel http://www-cs-students.stanford.edu/~amitp/game-programming/polygon-map-generation/
- and of course Wikipedia for being my one stop shop for random bits and bobs of un-verified trivia
